# Epic-Run-
Project Scope The Epic Run is an endless running game which uses a unique element of design to provide hours of entertainment. I have also included tutorials in the game in start of every level.  there are three different levels named prison, gangsters, politicians. Protection mode is also added in the start of the levels. The level 1 begins in a situation where our player, Robert has get caught  by  run away from the police station . When get caught Robert escaped the prison and the police town is after the Robert there.  and began to run and the police runs behind him to catch him. Outside of the police station there is a whole city, where Robert would run on the road.  Gems will increase the life chances. The second levels has a theme with a night mode. and the level begins where in the middle of night, Robert have got himself in trouble by inviting gangsters to chase Robert. and the third levels level begins with a theme of town where the Robert has runed as he has done robbery and now the whole tow is after him. from where he has to protect him .A lot of obstacles will come in front of the Robert like barriers, cars, police mans, etc. and Robert have to avoid all of them so that he do not get caught by police mans. The road on which Robert would be running would be a three-lane road. Robert would be able to jump, slide, move left or right to avoid the obstacles. There are some special items in the game such as speed boosters, which will increase Robert’s ability and allow him to run better. Robert will get these items from the road while running. Robert would also be able to collect coins from the road. To gain higher scores Robert would have to collect a greater number of coins. Robert would also be able to purchase skins and some other special booster from the coins which he collects from the road. The game would have three difficulty levels all with different themes.  For example, it would be easy to run first 2 minutes in the game but as the time passes the difficulty will continue to increase. The game also has life system in it.  Each run would have one life, but player can get more lives using gems.  There are two types of hurdles in the game. Player can buy these gems using the coins which he/she will collect while running on the road. The game would be playable on both Android and IOS to attract large number of people.
